[15653] Modify Ownership QoS Tutorial (#66)
eProsima/vulcanexus: docs/rst/tutorials/core/qos/ownership/ownership.rst

In that file, the desired configuration is set.

In any directory, run the following commands to create two files named `profiles1.xml` and `profiles2.xml`:

.. code-block:: bash

    touch profiles1.xml
    touch profiles2.xml

Open those files with your preferred editor, and write down the following XML code to the `profiles1.xml` file.
For the `profiles2.xml` file, write down the same code, but changing the value 10 for any other larger number, for example, 58.

.. code-block:: xml

    <?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" ?>
    <profiles xmlns="http://www.eprosima.com/XMLSchemas/fastRTPS_Profiles">
        <data_writer profile_name="/chatter">
            <qos>
                <ownership>
                    <kind>EXCLUSIVE</kind>
                </ownership>
                <ownershipStrength>
                    <value>10</value>
                </ownershipStrength>
            </qos>
        </data_writer>

        <data_reader profile_name="/chatter">
            <qos>
                <ownership>
                    <kind>EXCLUSIVE</kind>
                </ownership>
            </qos>
        </data_reader>
    </profiles>

> For the next section of this tutorial, lets consider both created XML files are stored in `~/` path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the next section of this tutorial, let us consider both created XML files are stored in `~/` path.
```

Execute ROS 2 demo nodes with modified QoS
------------------------------------------

Open one terminal and source Vulcanexus environment.
To set `profiles1.xml` to define the profile configuration used on the creation of ROS 2 nodes,

> it is needed to populate the `FASTRTPS_DEFAULT_PROFILES_FILE` environment variable to point out to the file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
populating the `FASTRTPS_DEFAULT_PROFILES_FILE` environment variable to point out to the file is needed.
```

Thus, in the terminal, run the following command:

.. code-block:: bash

    export FASTRTPS_DEFAULT_PROFILES_FILE=~/profiles1.xml

> Then, you can run `ros-demo-nodes-cpp` program to create a listener with `EXCLUSIVE_OWNERSHIP_POLICY` QoS:

Reviewer: I'd move this sentence to the previous paragraph and combine both the previous snippet and this one into one

.. code-block:: bash

    ros2 run demo_nodes_cpp listener

Open another terminal and source Vulcanexus environment.
To create `ros-demo-nodes-cpp` talker, run the following commands:

.. code-block:: bash

>     export FASTRTPS_DEFAULT_PROFILES_FILE=~/profiles1.xml

Reviewer: Maybe add the commands to source the installation. Most users will just copy paste without really reading so they'll need that

    ros2 run demo_nodes_cpp talker

> Now both terminals should be communicating.

Reviewer: I'd say the nodes are communicating, not the terminals

> Can be seen that the `Hellow World` messages that talker sends are being received by listener.

Reviewer: This sentence lacks a subject

The number of those messages coincides.

> In a third terminal, source Vulcanexus environment.

Reviewer: Again, just add the sourcing into the snippet

To create another `ros-demo-nodes-cpp` talker, but now with greater ownership strength
(see `Ownership Strength QoS Policy <https://fast-dds.docs.eprosima.com/en/latest/fastdds/dds_layer/core/policy/standardQosPolicies.html#ownershipstrengthqospolicy>`_),
this time the `FASTRTPS_DEFAULT_PROFILES_FILE` will point out to `profiles2.xml`:

.. code-block:: bash

    export FASTRTPS_DEFAULT_PROFILES_FILE=~/profiles2.xml
    ros2 run demo_nodes_cpp talker

Now it must be seen that the first talker keeps sending messages,
but the messages being read by listener are those of the newly created talker

> (The number of the message being sent by last talker should be the same as the number of the arriving message in listener).

Reviewer: We should emphasize here that this is because it has a higher strength

        </data_reader>
    </profiles>

> For the next section of this tutorial, let us consider both created XML files are stored in `~/` path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the next section of this tutorial, let us consider both created XML files are stored in the ``~/`` directory.
```

Execute ROS 2 demo nodes with modified QoS
------------------------------------------

Open one terminal and source Vulcanexus environment.

> To set `small_strength.xml` to define the profile configuration used on the creation of ROS 2 nodes, populating the `FASTRTPS_DEFAULT_PROFILES_FILE` environment variable to point out to the file is needed.

Author: I have added a note below the creation of both.
